Ponni sold knick-knacks for little girls.
She had colourful sweets and pretty trinkets too.
The school bell rang. Ponni watched the girls hasten into the school.
Ponni: "Amma,o 1 want to go to school, like Sheela"
Sheela: "T think he's a fortune-teller. Bye!"
The parrot in the cage tells you what you'll be when you grow up.
Sheela says "You know I have no money to spare, Ponni. We are just able to manage one meal a day"
The next day Ponni sat under the peepul tree, as usual.
Sheela came running to her, and said, "Ponni, you know what the fortune-teller told me?"
Sheela got a pink card. It said she would study well and be a rich woman. I want the pink card too. Please give me 50 paise."
"Shut up, Ponni. Don't pester me for money, "Amma, when will I go to school, like Sheela?" "Ponni, go to sleep. It told you, you can't go to The next day, the children were in school and all was quiet. Ponni turned to see what the parrot was doing.
Ponni quietly tiptoed to the cage, and peered in. There 67.
D.
This article was first published in The Sydney Morning Herald on December 10, 2012.
This article was amended on December 10, 2012.
Ponni ran across the road to get her thirsty parrot some water.
The old man was fast asleep on the mat.
Ponni was happy the parrot had got what it wanted.
Ponni decided to go to the parrot's rescue herself.
With one quick movement she caught the bird.
Ponni burst into tears. She ran back to her place, wiping her tears with the skirt.
"She stole my parrot, said the old man, getting "I did not steal his parrot," Ponni wept aloud.
"I saw this girl saving your parrot. I came to Just then, the school bell rang and the children Daddy," shouted Sheela, dashing across the "Daddy, this is Ponni 1 was talking to you Really! She is such a nice girl. But for her, a cat would have gobbled up this fellow's parrot."
Ponni's mother says she can't afford to send Ponni to school.
The old man asks Ponni's mother: "Do you want the parrot to pick a card for you?"
The parrot picks a card with its beak for Ponni. It was the pink card!
