This time on arrival at Palai, we moved into a house, surrounded by banana trees, beds of tapioca, roses and chrysanthemums.
Bordering them were a dozen coconut palms, reaching out to the stars to the sleepy town of Palai in Kerala.
I picked up a rubber ball and went I ran round the garden chasing the ball or watching squirrels scramble up the trees or The ball which I kept bouncing up and down went over the parapet into the compound of the neighbouring house.
Raman and Thomas were best friends.
They played hide and seek, chased butterflies, climbing trees, plucking mangoes and sinking their teeth into the sour pulp.
Sometimes they fought like cats and dogs, clawing and tearing at each other, only to forget our 46.
I1 looked forward eagerly for Christmas to come. a associated it with new clothes, sweet dishes, Thomas suddenly became docile.
"Why don't you do it, then?" I teased him. Because I must be good and obedient.
"Only if you are good," Thomas said in a supThomas and I waited eagerly for Christmas to come. We did not misbehave. We obeyed our parents. We gave up chasing squirrels. We gave erior tone, up fighting.
At last, Christmas Eve came. Dressed in my best, I ran over to my friend's house.
His father, Mr. Jacob, took me by the arm. He led me round the house.
I saw the gaily decorated Christmas tree. Tiny flames at the tips of the candles danced with the mild breeze that wafted along.
What we saw was remarkable. We saw a bearded man, wearing a dhoti* and a full sleeved shirt, flashing a bright "Loin-cloth.
4 040 sup.
Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN.com.
Follow us on Twitter @cnnireport and @CNNOpinion.
Thomas and I wanted to bring the gifts for our dear "Oh, come on, Santa, let us have the gifts"
Santa untied the string that bound the sack. He pushed his hand into it and pulled out asked. children myself. a big fat packet and handed it to me.
Mammen Ammavan led us to the foot of the jackfruit tree.
He asked us to look closely at the branches.
We saw two sturdy men sitting on one of the They held in their hands a long rope that reached down to the ground.
We'll never forget this evening when a dhoti-cia.d Santa came down from heaven, bringing us gifts.
Thomas and I shouted happily and moved back to the house, trailing behind Mammen Ammavan.
